OEL-1357: README improvements (#123)
openeuropa/oe_whitelabel: README.md

# The OpenEuropa Whitelabel theme

> Sub-theme of [OpenEuropa Bootstrap base theme](https://github.com/openeuropa/bootstrap-component-library), with integration for many of the Drupal modules from the OpenEuropa ecosystem.

Reviewer: its not integration its theming, also It's not only openeuropa that it themes, but also d.org modules, so I suggest:
```suggestion
Sub-theme of [OpenEuropa Bootstrap base theme](https://github.com/openeuropa/bootstrap-component-library), provides theming for OpenEuropa library features.
```

Author: I don't like the construction of the sentence here. Either the entire thing should be a sentence with subject and verb, or none of it. I will try something.

Author: "with theming for ..."

## Features

> ### Paragraphs

Reviewer: we have a submodule for this now, I'd rather move this there and maybe also mention any composer dependencies for it.

Then, instead of this, list the companion modules we have like here https://github.com/openeuropa/oe_theme#companion-sub-modules

Author: I agree with the direction, but I would rather do this in a separate PR where we add README files for all submodules.
I think the priority should be to merge this soon.
I don't like this section but we can postpone it.

### Add the composer package

Add this manually in composer.json, or combine with existing entries:

```
    "extra": {
        "artifacts": {
            "openeuropa/oe_bootstrap_theme": {
                "dist": {
                    "url": "https://github.com/{name}/releases/download/{pretty-version}/{project-name}-{pretty-version}.zip",
                    "type": "zip"
                }
            },
            "openeuropa/oe_whitelabel": {
                "dist": {
                    "url": "https://github.com/{name}/releases/download/{pretty-version}/{project-name}-{pretty-version}.zip",
                    "type": "zip"
                }
            }
        }
    }
```

While this package is still in its `alpha` phase, you need an extra step in composer, to avoid getting anything from the obsolete and unsupported `0.x` branch.

One option is to set `minimum-stability` and require the `^1.0` version.
You should also set `prefer-stable` to mitigate the impact on other dependencies.
Review this again when the site goes into production.

```bash
composer config minimum-stability alpha
composer config prefer-stable true

> composer require openeuropa/oe_whitelabel:^1.0

Author: While technically it is enough to specify `^1.0`, we might still want to write `^1.0@alpha` to be more explicit. TBD.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be overkill to specify ``^1.0@alpha`` since it is ready mentioning that the ``minimum-stability`` is alpha.
I am ok with this current version.

- Listing item: To be used as item paragraph within 'Listing item block'.
- Fact: To be used as item paragraph within 'Facts and figures'.

> ## Usage as a dependency in another project

Reviewer: this is a bit wordy

Check the [composer.json](composer.json) for required PHP version and other dependencies.

### Add the composer package

Add this manually in composer.json, or combine with existing entries:

```
    "extra": {
        "artifacts": {
            "openeuropa/oe_bootstrap_theme": {
                "dist": {
                    "url": "https://github.com/{name}/releases/download/{pretty-version}/{project-name}-{pretty-version}.zip",
                    "type": "zip"
                }
            },
            "openeuropa/oe_whitelabel": {
                "dist": {
                    "url": "https://github.com/{name}/releases/download/{pretty-version}/{project-name}-{pretty-version}.zip",
                    "type": "zip"
                }
            }
        }
    }
```

If your project is still in development, you may modify composer.json to allow alpha versions, while this package and some of its dependencies are still in their `alpha` phase.

Review this again when the site goes into production.

```
    "minimum-stability": "alpha",
```

Require with composer:

```bash

> composer require openeuropa/oe_whitelabel

Reviewer: since we are in alpha lets mention it directly here and drop below paragraph

Author: I just tried this again with an empty project where I only require `openeuropa/oe_whitelabel`.
The goal is a successful `require` command that gets something from `1.0*alpha` and not anything from `0.x`.

- If you have `"prefer-stable": false` and `"minimum-stability": "alpha"`, then you don't even need to specify a version string at all. I think people should avoid doing this.
- If you have `"prefer-stable": true` and `"minimum-stability": "alpha"`, then you need to specify a version string, but it is enough to require `^1.0` to avoid getting `0.x`. The cool thing is this can stay there even once 1.0 beta or stable is released.
- If you have `"prefer-stable": true` and you don't set `"minimum-stability"`, then you need to specify a version string with alpha for whitelabel _and_ oe_bootstrap_theme.

My concern was that some people/projects don't want to set `minimum-stability` because it can impact all packages.

I am trying something, let me know what you think.

```

If composer.json does not allow alpha versions, a version string needs to be appended to the package name in the require command, and other dependencies with alpha versions also need to be required with explicit version strings. The version string could be `:^1.0@alpha`, or a specific version like `:^1.0.0-alpha7`.

```bash

> composer require openeuropa/oe_whitelabel:^1.0@alpha openeuropa/oe_bootstrap_theme:^1.0@alpha

Reviewer: whitelabel manages the oebt dependency, dont think you need to mention it explicitly. You manage min stability, you call oewt alpha, life is good

Author: see above.

```

Review the installed package versions. Make sure that oe_whitelabel and oe_bootstrap theme are using 1.x or higher.

```bash
composer show -i | grep oe_

> ```

Reviewer: think this is a bit much, lets rather mention in the readmes of the submodules what is required in composer

Author: The motivation were situations where me or other people wanted to install and got releases from 0.x, because these are considered stable.
I will keep it around for 2nd round, but I am not fully against removing it.

Author: Also not sure what this has to do with the submodules.

Reviewer: I'd remove it, but if you insist, its not a fault per say, so lets see what next reviewer thinks

Reviewer 2: I think its ok as is, it helps to bring attention to the releases being used.

### Enable and configure

Enable required and optional submodules:

```bash
# Always required.
./vendor/bin/drush en oe_whitelabel_helper

# Required, if you use oe_paragraphs module, or if you copied any paragraph
# types from that module.
./vendor/bin/drush en oe_whitelabel_paragraphs

> # Other submodules are optional - check the /modules/ folder.

Reviewer: we will list the submodules as requested, then this bit is redundant

Author: Can we leave it for now, and make a follow up where we document submodules?
Also, even if we list submodules above, it should still be mentioned as an installation step.

I propose to keep it and then we can make a follow-up issue or PR where we say "Enable optional submodules - see above".

./vendor/bin/drush en <modulename>
```

Enable the theme and set as default:

```bash

> ./vendor/bin/drush config-set system.theme default oe_bootstrap_theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./vendor/bin/drush config-set system.theme default oe_whitelabel
```

Author: oops :)

Find more information on Docker Compose extension mechanism on [the official Docker Compose documentation](https://docs.docker.com/compose/extends/).

#### Start the container

> If you have other (demonized) containers running, you might want to stop them first:

Reviewer 2: **daemonized

docker-compose up -d
```

#### Optionally purge existing installation

If you already had the package installed, and want a clean start:

```bash
docker-compose exec web rm composer.lock
docker-compose exec web rm -rf vendor/
docker-compose exec web rm -rf build/
```

> #### Installing the package

Author: Btw there is some inconsistency here: "Optionally purge ..." is in imperative form, "Running the tests" is in present participle form. Not sure what is preferable.

Reviewer 2: IMO present participle is always nicer to read, but the other subtopics are all in imperative form so to be consistent:
#### Start the containerS
#### Purge the existing installation (optional)
#### Run the tests

Author: Some interesting references
https://developers.google.com/style/headings
https://writing.stackexchange.com/questions/1545/verb-tense-for-technical-document-titles
https://ffeathers.wordpress.com/2013/10/12/death-of-the-gerund-in-technical-documentation/
https://idratherbewriting.com/2008/02/11/are-gerunds-in-topic-titles-problematic-in-search-results/

There is no final conclusion, but I find more sources that recommend the imperative or "bare infinitive".

Author: However, not every headline is the same:
- Some headlines describe steps in a sequence. Here the imperative form seems most suitable.
- Other headlines describe actions we can do again at any time, such as running the tests.

Still, having different verb forms in the same sequence of titles feels wrong, so I will go for consistency.
